Add extension capabilities. (#146)
opiproject/opi-spdk-bridge: README.md

See [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/opiproject/opi/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [GitHub Basic Process](https://github.com/opiproject/opi/blob/main/doc-github-rules.md) for more details.

## Extensions
If your xPU uses a standard SPDK JSON RPC call set, this bridge can be extended to exercise dedicated JSON rpc calls and by this provide means for xPU-specific behavior customization.

> See [this file](./pkg/server/extension/extension.go) for guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extend this bridge, fork this repository, add your source code as explained in [`extension.go`](./pkg/server/extension/extension.go), and build your own binary.
```

Author: Rephrased
